Define high-level organizational structure and re-organize into 2-level structure (#276)
2i2c-org/docs: index.md

This is the community and user documentation for 2i2c's Managed JupyterHub Service.
It is divided into a number of **roles and personas** with relevant topics for each.
It is the **source of truth for expected behavior and value for 2i2c's service**. If something is documented here, then users and 2i2c team members should plan around it.

See [2i2c's platform description](https://2i2c.org/platform) for an overview of the service.

## Hub user guide

> For end-users that use a community hub. These are typically most individuals in our member communities - researchers, post-docs, students, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For end-users that use a community hub. These are typically most individuals in our member communities - researchers, post-docs, students. If you have a question about using a hub, this section is for you.
```
